refactor(local): docker compose (#2892)
caos/zitadel: guides/development.md

> ### Backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Start the Backend
```

With these commands you can generate the stub for the backend.

```bash
# generates grpc stub
DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build -f build/zitadel/Dockerfile . -t zitadel:gen-be --target go-copy -o .
# generates keys for cryptography
COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1 DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 \
&& docker compose -f ./build/local/docker-compose-local.yml --profile backend-stub up --exit-code-from keys
```

## Run

### Start storage

> Used if you only want to start and prepare the services ZITADEL needs for storing it's data. The services are started in background (detached).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this if you only want to start the storage services needed by ZITADEL. These services are started in background (detached).
```

```bash
COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1 DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 \
&& docker compose -f ./build/local/docker-compose-local.yml --profile storage up -d
```

**On apple silicon:**
Restart the command (second terminal `docker restart zitadel_<SERVICE_NAME>_1`) if `db` logs `qemu: uncaught target signal 11 (Segmentation fault) - core dumped` or no logs are written from `db-migrations`.

> ### Initialise frontend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initialize the console
```

You must [initialise the data](###-Initialise-data)) first.

```bash
COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1 DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 \
&& docker compose -f ./build/local/docker-compose-local.yml --profile console-stub up --exit-code-from client-id
```

The command exists as soon as the client id is set.

> ### Run Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Start the Console
```
